correctly treat pan/zoom events of overlapping axes (#22347)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/22347-RQ.rst

> Correctly treat pan/zoom events of overlapping axes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly treat pan/zoom events of overlapping Axes
```

We've decided to captialize this, when referring to the Axes (class) as a concept so that this is not confused with the plural of "axis". See #18726. Should also be changed for all other "Axes" mentionings below.

---------------------------------------------------

The forwarding of pan/zoom events is now determined by the visibility of the
background-patch (e.g. ``ax.patch.get_visible()``) and by the ``zorder`` of the axes.

- Axes with a visible patch do not forward events to axes below.

>   Only the axis with the highest ``zorder`` that contains the event is triggered
>   (if there are multiple axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added axis counts)

Reviewer 2: They are all `Axes`:
```suggestion
  Only the Axes with the highest ``zorder`` that contains the event is triggered
  (if there are multiple Axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added Axes counts)
```

>     (if there are multiple axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added axis counts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (if there are multiple Axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added Axes counts)
```

> - Axes with a visible patch do not forward events to axes below.
>   Only the Axes with the highest ``zorder`` that contains the event is triggered
>   (if there are multiple Axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added Axes counts)
> - Axes with an invisible patch forward events to axes at lower or equal ``zorder``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Axes with a visible patch capture the event and do not pass it on to axes below.
  Only the Axes with the highest ``zorder`` that contains the event is triggered
  (if there are multiple Axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added Axes counts)
- Axes with an invisible patch is also invisible to events and they are passed on to the axes below.
```

> - Axes with a visible patch do not forward events to axes below.
>   - Only the axis with the highest ``zorder`` that contains the event is triggered
>     (if there are multiple axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added axis counts)
> - Axes with an invisible patch forward events to axes at lower or equal ``zorder``

Reviewer: > /home/circleci/project/doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/22347-RQ.rst:9: ERROR: Unexpected indentation.

reStructuredText does not like this formatting. I think l.8-9 do not have to be a bullet point:

```suggestion
- Axes with a visible patch do not forward events to axes below.
  Only the axis with the highest ``zorder`` that contains the event is triggered
  (if there are multiple axes with the same ``zorder``, the last added axis counts)
- Axes with an invisible patch forward events to axes at lower or equal ``zorder``
```

If you really want in indented sublist, you'd have to add blank lines around l.8-9 otherwise ReST doesn't understand it.

Author: thanks! lets give it a try 🙂

> To override the default behavior and explicitly set whether an axis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the default behavior and explicitly set whether an Axes
```

> should capture navigation events, use ``ax.set_capture_navigation_events()``.

Reviewer 2: Should link:
```suggestion
should capture navigation events, use `.Axes.set_capture_navigation_events`.
```
